chore: fix the manifests targets and also their description (#61)
codeready-toolchain/toolchain-operator: README.adoc

===== 3. Create PR in community-operators
As soon as you verify that the release is working correctly, you can create a PR with a new release in https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators[community-operators] repo.
To copy the manifests to the repo use `make copy-manifests-to-community-operators` and then create a PR there. Please follow the instructions that are written in the template of the PR description.

===== 4. Prepare for the next release
Increment the `CSV_VERSION_TO_GENERATE` variable in the link:./make/manifests.mk[manifests.mk] file to the next expected version.

===== 5. Open PR in toolchain-operator
Open also a PR with the manifests (and all other changes) inside of the toolchain-operator repository.

> ===== 6. Wait for community-operators PR being merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== 6. Wait for community-operators PR to be merged
```
